hey guys today I'm gonna show you that
Danielle Winkler talk so this is the X
style tomahawk battle style X so it's
pretty cool this is some people don't
know who's Daniel Winkler is the guy who
made tomahawk for last Mohican the movie
so let's get into it as maple curry wood
as you can see and diced or dipped in
something and as a tribal engravings and
a Kydex sheet let me show you rock
itself this one is a spiked one so as
you can see have a spike on it it has
that finish so it's not gonna rust or
anything and it has a glass breaker or I
don't know what else you can call it
killer spike and a front spike I
honestly preferred not spike one because
it's more useful you can actually use it
you can probably cut wood and do stuff
this is pretty much mostly for battle as
you can see and I think the spike will
break but it's actually very nice very
nice piece it's full tang and the steel
is fifty one sixty carbon steel so it's
basically strong steel but a little rust
if you don't take care of it as it's not
really big it's like 13 inches let it
stick you see how thick it is
very cool piece I'll recommend getting
this up personally if I bought this it's
not mine but if I bought this
I'll get it without spike but it's very
nice very good piece too expensive
though it's like $900 overall I just
wanted to show you guys
very nice ex style Hawk so thank you for
watching bye